- [heavy breathing]
- Hello?
- You have to--
you have to find me.
- Uh--
- There's not much time.
- Hello?
- You have to--
- I can't hear--
Hello?
- You have to help me.
You have to try
to get to me before--
- Look, you need to tell me
what this is about, okay?
What--what--what--
what is going on?
- I'm in an oil drum, and I'm
buried underground, man.
- You're what?
Buried underground?
- Listen.
Listen--listen!
[phone blips]
The battery is about to die.
- Okay--slow down, slow down.
Look, uh, how--
how do you know me?
- Okay, listen, Murray Waters.
We drove through Murray Waters.
- Murray Waters?
- [speaking unintelligibly]
- Where?
[tense music]
- You come get me.
You owe me that.
You're the reason I'm here.
[line crackling]
- Huh?
- [speaking unintelligibly]
[phone blips]
Look for a--a--
a fucking waterfall.
- Waterfall?
- Look for the waterfa--
[phone blips]
No.
No, no.
[phone clatters]
[thudding on drum]
[screams]
- Ah!
F--
Agh!
Fuck!
[intense Western music]
♪ ♪
- You know absolutely nothing.
Zero.
Remember that, and you will get
where you need to be.
Now, maybe that's out
in the field,
like me chasing "bitterflies,"
as my pop used to say,
or maybe you want
to climb the ladder,
make commissioner, like he did.
Doesn't matter,
so long as you remember
you know absolutely nothing.
[watch ticking]
Today's your first day
with the Major Crime
Investigation Branch,
and this job is not
about instinct.
It's about finding evidence.
This is not the time for--
[watch ticking]
Excuse me a second.
[touch tones beeping]
Hi, love.
How are things?
Oh, forgot we ordered those.
Oh, that's good.
And Jimmy's exams?
Are you kidding me?
Yeah, it's hard to know,
isn't it, with this stuff?
[plodding music]
Yeah--well,
I was thinking maybe, uh, lamb.
Yeah, you know that recipe,
the Moroccan one?
Do we have any, uh,
ras el hanout?
Or ra--
I think it's ras el hanout.
It's a--it's--
it's a Moroccan spice.
[line beeps]
Oh, sweetheart,
I've got another call
coming in.
I'll--I'll buzz you right back.
Good morning, sir.
Nah, they'll wait.
Yeah, okay.
Right.
Yeah.
[bass music]
♪ ♪
Yeah.
Okay, just one question.
Where the hell is Burnt Ridge?
[insects chirping]
- Jesus Christ.
- Everything all right there?
- Fine.
Yeah.
[folksy music]
[engine turning over]
♪ ♪
- Here we are.
- Okay, thanks.
- Hi, love.
- Hi.
So you, uh--
you left this in my car.
It's nice to see that you're
making friends, though.
- Do you know the way
to Murray Waters?
- Um...
yeah, it's, like, a four-hour
drive from here, why?
- Fuck.
[huffs]
- Okay, good talk.
- Sorry, I just really need
to get there.
Something really weird
is going on.
I mean, like, next-level
fucking batshit crazy.
It turns out,
before the accident,
I hid a--
hid a phone inside of this guy.
The phone starts ringing,
so I picked up,
and there's a man on the other
end who says he knows me.
Probably should have
said this before, but he--
he's--
he's buried underground.
- Okay.
Uh...
yeah, that--that is a lot.
- It is a lot.
- Yeah.
Um...
Tell me on the way, and, uh,
start from the beginning.
- Wait, what?
You--you're gonna take me?
- Well, I wouldn't get
too excited about it.
Seats are murder on your arse,
air-con's fucked,
windows, they don't close,
but, you know, for 100 bucks,
I was pretty lucky to get one
with a steering wheel.
- But it's, like--
it's, like, an eight-hour
round trip.
- Yeah, I've got
nowhere else to be.
Plus, uh,
you are the most interesting
thing to happen around here
in a really long time, so...
[dramatic Western music]
♪ ♪
[engine turning over]
- Well, I'd have shot him
on the roadside,
but some asshole saw the crash.
Well, shit, I don't know.
Maybe--
Look, call me
when you got a clue.
- Hey, boss.
- Hey.
What you doing here?
I thought you was off.
- Yeah, yeah.
Oh, it's--
thing is, I just need
to talk with you, Billy.
That's the thing.
Oh, I sure hate this.
I do.
- Hate what?
- I--
I saw you.
I was coming back
to the office.
I was gone ten, I think, and...
I'd left my headphones,
and, you know, I--I run--
you--you know
that I'm a runner, and...
Yeah, I came back to get 'em
and you were...
- Get to it.
- You were driving the truck
out of the lot.
The 2IV.
Next day, Charlie says,
"Oh, there's been a break-in.
Someone stole 2IV."
And I'm going,
"Eh, what break-in?"
'Cause I mean, what--
what I saw.
Yeah, I know what I saw.
- Still don't know
why you're here.
- You said it was stolen,
but it wasn't stolen,
was it, Billy?
You just said it was
so you could claim the money.
And--and I'm loyal, me, man,
yeah.
I--I can keep a secret.
Take that shit to my grave.
Just that me and Elle
were really hoping
that we could take the boys
to a nicer school.
It's just--
- Okay, I get it.
You're trying to squeeze me.
- No.
Yeah, maybe I am.
I sweat my balls off for you--
years.
Now...
it's my time.
It's my time.
- Well, okay, then.
We can make
an arrangement, son.
But you're gonna have
to promise me
you're gonna take that
with you to the grave.
- Yeah, on my life, Billy.
- Well, I--
I got something
in that truck over there
you're gonna want to see.
- Yeah?
- Yeah, go take a look.
But you walk away with that,
and we're done.
You keep your mouth shut.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[truck door clicks open]
- What am I looking for?
[grunts]
- [grunting]
[phone ringing]
- Uh, Helen Chambers speaking.
- Hey, I'm Cath Bauri.
I'm a nurse
at Cooper Springs Hospital.
You asked me to call
if anyone came looking
for that amnesia patient.
- Uh, yeah, of course.
What happened?
Who came in?
- Um, an American guy,
cowboy hat and all.
He was kind of weird,
to be honest with you.
- It's--it's just about
that guy who lost his memory.
- You're supposed to be off,
aren't you?
Helping keep me distracted?
- He didn't, um,
leave a name or number
or anything.
- Sorry, Cath, um, I'm--
I'm not actually on duty today.
Uh, maybe you can
call the station.
- Oh.
Oh, okay.
Um, I mean,
you asked me to call you.
What if he knows
who this bloke is?
- Have you got a charger?
- Glove compartment.
- Excuse me?
- I--
not you, sorry.
Um, I was just--
[sighs]
I'm sorry, and thank you
for calling, and sorry.
- Why's this person
bothering you?
You're not a ruddy detective.
- 'Cause no one else seems
to care, and maybe I--
- Oh, dear.
- Oh.
Sorry about that.
- It's yourself
you're letting down, Hel.
Okay, look, moving forward,
I want this burger wrapper
to be like our testament.
Like our Treaty of Versailles.
That was, like, a--like,
a really important treaty.
- Oh, I have actually heard--
- I want you to keep
this wrapper in the car.
And every time you look at it,
I want you to remember
we're in this fight together.
- You're getting ketchup on me.
- Together.
- Right.
Together.
[upbeat music playing
over speakers]
- [sighs]
Still hasn't called.
- It'll be okay.
No one deserves
that job more than you.
- Yeah, they really don't.
- No one in the real world
looks like that.
It's a myth is what it is.
It's like Bloody Mary.
- Who?
- You've never heard of it?
[laughs]
We used to dare each other
in school all the time.
You--you go into a bathroom
and you lock the door,
and you turn out the lights,
and then you say "Bloody Mary"
into the mirror three times.
And it's meant to summon
the evil spirit
of a woman in the mirror
who claws your eyes out
or makes you go nuts
or something.
- You ever do it?
- No.
- No, can't see you
doing something like that.
[laughs, sighs]
[car horns honking]
- What's the holdup?
- Is there no way around this?
Ugh.
- You okay?
- I keep wondering if anyone's
out there missing me.
Parents waiting for me to call
or friends,
girlfriend, boyfriend,
hungry dog?
But then I think,
what if there isn't?
What if no one gives a shit
where I've gone?
What if the only person
who can answer any of this
is lying underground
suffocating to fucking death?
- Do ever you think you're
better off just not knowing
who you are
or what you've done?
- Yep.
Fuck this.
- Come on!
- I don't know what you think
you're going to achieve.
- Movement?
Progress?
Who knows?
What the fuck?
- What is he doing?
[radio playing softly]
Mate, what the hell?
- These guys are endangered.
Got to let nature
take its course.
Hey, some things
are more important
than your plans for the day,
my friend.
These two must've got
all the way out here
from someone's backyard.
Now look at 'em.
Life happens.
You got to let it.
- Whoa.
Hey!
Hey, come on.
[tense music]
- Move it.
- Okay, okay.
- I'm not wasting
any more time.
- They're done anyways.
You could've just waited...
Instead of looking
like a dicksplash.
- Feel better?
- No.
- Mm.
[light bulbs buzzing]
Bloody Ma...ry.
Mm.
[sighs]
[light bulbs buzzing]
[touch tones beeping]
[sighs]
[line rings]
Hi, um, can I please speak
to Cath Bauri?
- Speaking.
- Oh, ah, yeah, it's Probationary
Constable Helen Chambers.
I'm really sorry
about earlier.
I would love to hear more
about the guy that came in,
the American.
- Oh.
Uh, right, yeah,
well, I was just gonna say
he didn't leave a name
or number or anything.
- He didn't say
how he knew the patient?
- Uh, no.
When I told him
the fella discharged himself,
he wanted to know
where he'd gone.
I offered to pass on
his details,
but he didn't want to tell me.
- That's weird, right?
- Yeah, the guy was
a real creep, to be honest.
- Maybe I can, um, take a look
at the CCTV footage,
see where he went?
Do you still have my card?
[knock at door]
- Uh, email's right on here.
- Honey?
- I'll have one
of the boys pass it on.
Hopefully, this cowboy bloke
will have some answers.
- Um, appreciate it.
- Honey, you ready?
- Sorry, still changing.
- Who was that
you were talking to?
- Becky.
Um, more problems with Greg.
- Maybe I should
give Greg a call,
see if he's okay.
- He, uh,
needs his space, apparently.
- Ah, that is so Greg.
- Yeah, I'll be back tonight,
tomorrow latest.
Cheers, Sandy.
Cheers, I owe you.
Bye.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
You should see
if they sell any shovels.
- Why would I need--
right.
Shovels--fuck.
Fuck.
- [panting, grunting]
[dark music]
♪ ♪
Ah!
[thumping]
Hey.
Hey!
Hello!
Help me!
Hey!
Hello?
Hello!
Help me!
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[suspenseful music]
- Excuse me,
do you know if there's
a waterfall near here?
- No.
- Let's split up.
- Yeah.
Excuse me,
do you know if there's
a waterfall anywhere?
Guys, have you seen a waterfall
near here anywhere?
Got nothing that looks
like a waterfall?
Nothing, no?
Come on.
Excuse me, you don't know of
a waterfall near here, do you?
In the town,
outside of the town?
Anywhere?
No?
- Waterfall?
- I really need you to think.
Waterfall?
No? Nothing?
Suppose there's a waterfall
near here?
I really need you to help me.
Do you know
if there's one here?
- Mm-mm.
- Haven't a clue. That's great.
Haven't a fucking clue.
Agh!
[sighs]
- Hi, sorry to bother
you guys.
Do you know if there is
anything like a waterfall?
- Sorry.
- No?
Okay.
"Great Outback Tours.
Your local experts."
Hi, uh, we were looking
for some help.
- We're--
we're looking for a waterfall.
- I hear Niagara Falls
is beautiful this time of year.
- Your move, arsenugget.
- Yeah, I--I know.
Don't rush me, dickknuckle.
- I--I mean, um, we're looking
for a waterfall close to here.
- Sign said you guys were the,
uh, local experts.
- Hear that, Arl'?
These fellas looking
for a waterfall.
- I do, and I'm looking
for a 23-year-old
Polynesian lady
who likes to cook.
- Jesus Christ.
- If wishing made it so.
- How about anything
that could be described
as a waterfall to someone
who's not from around here?
Please, it's important.
- Could be that place
out in Karramundi.
- With the--
- Back--sorry, before.
Where are you?
Where are you now?
- Karramundi Way.
- Yeah, the--the post office?
- Yeah.
- Go back.
- Go back?
- Too far.
- Go left.
- Left.
both: Nah.
- Can you guys help us or not?
- Oh, I'm sorry, mate,
I just--
I thought I had an inkling,
so to speak.
It--it's probably nothing.
Don't worry about it.
- How far is this
Karramundi place?
- 60K, maybe.
- Mm.
- It's hard going in the bush.
- Mm, mm.
- You'd need the chopper.
- Yeah, you'd need the chopper.
But you can't take the chopper.
- Course not.
- Yeah.
- Why?
- Storm coming.
- Stor--
um, it--
it looks fine.
- Storms out here will change
in a heartbeat, mate.
And we don't fly in the storms.
Suck on that.
[laughs]
- Look, lads, um,
I need you to take us.
Whatever it costs.
It's important.
- Why?
- Because it is.
- [laughs]
Just wait
for the storm to pass,
and we'll be happy
to take you, mate.
- Okay.
Show me which way.
- [sighs]
Driving's not a good idea.
- The storm.
- Just--
just show her.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Detective Inspector Rogers.
- You're Lemon?
- It's Lammon, but that's okay.
I--I get it all the time.
Hey, look lively, fellas.
This is Major Crime's top man.
- Okay, I don't want this
to be a "them and us"
kind of situation.
Major Crimes and local police.
There's no them and us.
There's just us,
more specifically me.
- Yeah, I was so excited
when they said they were
sending the DI Lachlan Rogers.
- Well, sometimes you draw
the short straw.
- Oh, no worries.
I mean, we're really lucky
to have you on board.
This is well outside our usual.
I actually thought it was a gas
leak or something like that.
It was Carter
who figured out it was a bomb.
- Actually,
I just said it didn't look
like a gas pipe or nothin'.
And there were these bits and pieces,
didn't look right.
All I said.
- Look, our team's working
with Cooper Springs,
seeing what they can find
on the explosive device.
First assessment,
they're saying it's--
it's crude, it's homemade,
and it's not a pro.
Um, meantime, what I'm here
for is, uh--
is this stranger.
- Come again?
- The report said that--
that two people left the diner
right before the--the blast.
A Luci Miller and, uh,
all it said was, uh, "a man."
- Oh, yeah.
We don't have a name.
- Why not?
- Oh, he doesn't have one.
He was in an accident
a few days ago.
He woke up in hospital
at Cooper.
He doesn't remember who he is
or how he got there.
- Uh, have you been looking
for this man?
- Uh, no, not--
not at the moment.
- No.
Uh, okay, so this man,
uh, who's claiming
not to know who he is
comes into town, and shortly
afterwards,
something explodes.
You didn't think to connect
those rather large dots?
- No, I didn't.
I mean, I--
I didn't know
that he didn't remember
who he was
until a couple of hours ago.
And then, you know, I just
thought it'd probably be best
to wait till you arrived,
you know?
- Priority number one is to
find this person, okay, Lemon?
- It's Lammon.
- Let's find this guy fast
so I can go home.
- Absolutely.
We'll, um--
we'll start with Luci Miller.
- All right, then.
Right, uh,
would you excuse me a second?
- DI Lachlan Rogers.
Can you believe it?
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- [retches]
[hacks]
[tense Western music]
♪ ♪
- You know,
I still don't get it.
- What?
- You, in the middle
of nowhere,
driving towards a storm
with someone you've never met.
- Told you.
You're the most interesting
thing to happen--
- No, I know what you said.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- I just mean,
what kind of person does this
for a total stranger?
- Coffee bean.
- What?
- No.
When I was, um--
when I was about 12,
I was complaining to my dad
about exams or something,
and he takes me
into the kitchen
and he gets out a potato,
an egg, and a coffee bean,
and he puts them all on
to boil.
And after a while, he--
he gets the potato out.
Obviously, it's gotten softer.
Then he gets the egg out,
harder.
And when I ask him
about the coffee,
obviously, it's dissolved,
and I've just got
a spoonful of coffee left.
Dad always said that you can be
like the egg or the potato
and try to fight all the shit
that life throws at you,
or you can just go with it,
adapt.
- You didn't answer
my question.
- I'm a coffee bean.
I go where life takes me.
It took me to you, and...
for some reason, I like you.
[mellow Western music]
- Could've just said that.
Would've been a lot quicker.
♪ ♪
- Okay.
I've made a decision.
Not this one.
- [sighs]
Well, you sure?
I mean,
it says thread count's 2,000.
That's heaps, isn't it?
- Look at the price.
We're not Kardashians.
Thread count's just
a marketing tool anyway.
You got to consider finishing,
construction, yarn size.
- Well, yarn size
isn't everything, you know?
It's about what you do with it.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
Okay.
[phone ringing]
Uh-oh.
- Ah, seriously,
you're not gonna--
- I'll be quick.
Freddie, hey.
- I ran the CCTV
the hospital sent over.
The car that cowboy hat guy
got into
is registered to Billy Nixon.
He runs a big trucking company
around here.
- Great, great, and you got
an address for Nixon?
- Last I checked,
you were probationary constable
and I worked front desk.
- Yeah, it's just, this feels
like something else.
Something big.
- Something that isn't
your problem, you know?
I get the biggest jug
in my house.
It's 3 litres, just under,
and I fill it
with margarita mix.
- Excuse me?
- That's what I do
on my day off.
- [laughs]
- You're an inspiration,
Freddie.
- I'll text the address.
- Okay.
- [sighs]
- Sorry.
- Well, can we focus now?
We're down to deciding
between these two here.
- Actually, I have to go.
- What?
- That was Becky.
She wants to talk about Greg.
- What about our day off?
The--the sheets?
We're supposed
to return these today.
We have to make a choice.
- I can be back in an hour.
Okay?
Tops.
- [scoffs]
- [whistling]
[ominous music]
- Mr. Nixon?
Mr. Nixon?
I'm--I'm Probationary
Constable Chambers.
I was just hoping
to ask you a few questions.
♪ ♪
- You got a uniform or badge?
- Oh, uh, yeah.
I have my police ID.
Yeah.
It's my day off.
That's why I'm--
- Apologies
if I seem mistrustful.
Only I've had bad experiences
with people who ain't
who they say they are.
- Oh, right, yeah.
That happens.
I guess.
Um, so, Mr. Nixon--
- You know,
my mother was a police officer
back in the U.S. of A.
It's fine work you people do.
It's--
it's fine work.
- Right.
[laughs]
[clears throat]
So, Mr. Nixon,
um, earlier today,
you went to the hospital
in Cooper Springs
looking for a guy.
- And you want to know
what I was doing there?
- Yeah.
- Well, I saw the accident.
I was gonna stop, but a couple
of cars had already
pulled over, and I figured
not much I could do.
One of my drivers had taken
a fuel truck up to Darwin--
truck 2IV,
and he hadn't checked in, see.
I was just out following
that route.
- Okay, um,
so you saw the accident and--
- Yeah,
and it just stayed with me.
I was just wondering
if that poor soul
inside it made it out okay.
- Sorry, so just to be clear.
You didn't know the guy
inside the car?
- No, do not.
- Oh.
[clears throat]
Uh, the hospital also said
that you asked where he went.
- Mm-hmm.
- Well, just,
why'd you ask that, Mr. Nixon?
I mean, it's just, you wanted
to know if he was okay,
so why does it matter
where he's gone?
[ominous music]
- Well...
a man makes it out
of that wreckage alive,
it's hard to believe, see?
Hell, and I thought...
[scoffs]
This guy's still in Cooper,
this guy's nearby,
wouldn't mind meeting him
for myself.
- Peace of mind kind of thing?
- Whatever you want to call it.
- Ah, well, okay, then.
Um, thank you
for talking with me.
- Thank you for stopping by.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Is there something
about this guy I need to know?
You see I--I--
I just went to the hospital
to see if that fella's okay.
Next thing I know,
there's a police officer
coming around
asking me questions.
It's just not in the normal
run of things, you understand?
- I'm just following up.
- You're not a detective,
right?
I mean, you're just a beat cop.
No partner.
Just flying solo, huh?
♪ ♪
- Thanks for your time.
[touch tones beeping]
- Hey, it's me.
I'm gonna need information
on a constable
called, uh, Helen Chambers
out of Cooper Springs.
Yeah, quick as you can,
please, thank you.
[music intensifies]
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
- You have one new voicemail.
- It's me.
Are you still with Becky?
Hear that?
That's the sound
of me on my own.
Just come home.
I've got a massaman curry
on the go.
It takes all day
to get the spice--
[tense music]
- We should close the shutters.
- You scared, are you?
- You're the one
who should be scared
with my bishop
right up your arse.
♪ ♪
Guess I'll do it.
[chuckling]
Oh, Jesus.
Dust storm is comin' in.
- Big fuck or little fuck?
- Big fuck.
Big fuck.
- We got to stop.
I don't even know
where I'm fucking going.
[coughing]
[music intensifies]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
- Sorry.
- No, it's okay.
- Just--
- Yeah.
- Well,
this is just fucking perfect.
There's a guy
buried underground
and we're in here
hiding from dust.
- Can't see a thing in that.
I mean, I have no idea
which way
we're even heading right now.
- You know that story you told
about the coffee bean?
- Mm-hmm.
- Your father never said that.
That's just, like,
an old story,
the kind you get
in a self-help book.
- It sounds better when I say
that it came from my dad,
though.
- Why'd you lie?
- I like the story,
so I borrowed it.
That's what people do,
you know?
Tell little white lies,
make a version of themselves.
- And what version of yourself
are you trying to be
in Burnt Ridge?
- What's that meant to mean?
- Well, you--
you're not from there, are you?
You don't seem like
you're from a small town.
- Yeah, I, uh--I moved here
a couple years ago
after things didn't work out
with my boyfriend.
- What happened?
- Um,
we had a difference of opinion.
Jeez, this is a big fuck.
- So this guy you left--
- Maybe he left me.
- Doubt it.
[soft dramatic music]
- It was never gonna work
between us.
No, it was just one of those
"falling into bed
five minutes after meeting"
kind of things.
- Instant attraction.
- Mm.
Chemical.
I mean, you can't just screw all
your problems away, can you?
I guess some things
just aren't meant to be.
- It's hot under here.
- Yeah.
It'll pass soon enough.
♪ ♪
It's just a storm.
That's what my grandma
used to say.
It'll pass,
and you'll see the sky again.
- And that's
when the real trouble starts.
[knock at door, dog barks]
- Shut up, Mariah.
Sorry, she's on her period.
Thought we already
done this, Lammon.
- I know, but this is
Detective Inspector
Lachlan Rogers.
He's come down
from Major Crime.
He's got a few more questions
for you.
- Okay, shoot.
I'd ask you in,
but Mariah's shit on the floor,
I can't get the smell out.
[dog snarls]
- Okay, look, uh,
we're looking for the man
who came into the diner
right before the incident.
- The incident?
You mean the bloody great bomb?
- Yes, ma'am.
- Well, like I said to Lammon,
I've never seen him before,
but he seems to have
buddied up with Luci Miller
all right.
- Really?
How so?
- Well, she called earlier
asking me to feed
some stray dog
she's taken a shine to.
Said they were headed
to Murray Waters.
God knows why.
- Appreciate your time.
Do you know Murray Waters?
- Yeah.
Tourist trap kind of place.
- You fancy taking
a drive up there?
- What, with you?
Now?
- Well, if you got somewhere
more important to be,
I can go and get my partner.
I'd rather he coordinate
on the ground here
and I make the journey
with a local, but--
- No, no. No, no, no, no, no.
I'm--
I--I'm in.
I'm--I'm jazzed.
It's--my sister's not
gonna mind anyway.
It's not an important birthday.
- Then get in the car, Lemon.
- You know, it's actually...
Lammon.
[engine turning over]
[knocking on window]
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
- [breathing shakily]
[skittering, squeaking]
[grunts]
What the fuck?
[whimpering]
[screams]
- You're kidding.
[sighs]
Oh, my God.
That's Murray Waters.
- So we've just driven
in the wrong fucking direction?
- Mm-hmm.
Whoo!
- Fuck!
Fuck, fuck!
Fuck, fuck, fuck!
He's probably dead by now.
- Hey, you don't know that.
- No, you don't understand.
He--he said
that I am the reason
that he's buried underground.
- You're the reason?
- Yep.
- Well, now is not the time
to give up on him, is it?
Are you coming?
- All right, lads.
- Storm's gone, let's go.
- Hell of a storm, hey?
- No, let's go.
Now.
- One sec.
No!
You--
- How about now?
- That was
a seven-hour showdown,
and I was just about to--
- No, you weren't.
Can't do anything with a pawn.
Insurance waiver,
"not my fault if I kill us all
'cause I'm still drunk from the
night before" kind of thing.
Just a joke.
- Hilarious.
[exciting music]
- Okay, let's do this.
♪ ♪
- Ah, good brush work.
[indistinct dialogue over TV]
- Ethan, I lied.
I was off on that case.
The guy who lost his memory.
Hey.
- I was watching that.
- I've been carrying on
like a pork chop.
I didn't tell you 'cause
you don't take me seriously.
Okay, Treaty of Versailles.
You and me, like you said.
We're in this together.
[phone beeps]
- My ride's here.
- Wh--you're going out?
- Martin called.
I got the promotion.
- That's great.
- I said I'd go have a drink
with the fellas.
Greg called while you were out,
told me you weren't with Becky.
I already knew about
your big fat web of lies.
- Ethan, come on.
I can help this guy.
- While you were out
playing detective,
I was sitting here
on my lonesome.
Okay, I--I turned
to share the good news,
and you weren't there.
Why should I take you
seriously?
You're just a traffic cop,
not even a very good one.
Your delusions of grandeur
are just embarrassing.
You can be really selfish,
you know?
Don't wait up.
[door slams]
- [laughs, sniffles]
[sighs, laughs]
[crying]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Bloody Mary.
Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary,
Bloody Mary!
[helicopter rotors whirring]
♪ ♪
- Wait.
So 30 minutes, right?
We have to get out
before it gets too dark.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[exciting music]
- Anything?
- I have no idea.
Hey, stop.
- What?
Jesus Christ.
- So the office sent through
the photograph?
Yeah, appreciate it, Sergeant.
Cheers.
Bye.
- Sorry about that, I've got
a bladder the size of a kitten.
You know,
Murray Waters isn't that big.
I mean, even the locals
could find
Luci Miller and this bloke.
- If something's worth doing,
Lemon, you do it yourself.
Sooner it's done,
sooner we can all go home.
- It's just that
it's getting dark.
Do you drive much
in the outback?
- Yeah, a bit.
- We try not to drive at night
because of the kangaroos.
They're attracted
to the headlights.
They come jumping
towards them, and bang!
Look, a lot of kangaroos die
on this road at night.
- Fuck the kangaroos.
[downbeat music]
[engine turning over]
♪ ♪
[tense music]
- Is he, uh--
- Yeah.
- [sighs]
- What are you doing?
- Shit.
Battery's dead.
There's nothing else
in his pockets.
- How can you just
search a dead man like that?
- I don't really
have any other choice.
This must have been clogged up
in the storm.
Whoever put them in here,
they didn't mean to kill him.
♪ ♪
- Where are you going?
- Get a charger for this.
- Right, what are we gonna say?
- To who?
- The pilot, the cops.
- The truth.
- [scoffs]
I came out here
to help you, okay?
I--I don't need to be caught up
in any of this shit--
- It's too late.
[knocking]
Need to call the police.
- What?
Why?
♪ ♪
What's going on?
- I, uh--
I, uh--
You know what?
Doesn't matter.
I can deal with it
when we get back.
- Let's gun it.
[intense music]
♪ ♪
- What are you doing here?
You're not on till tomorrow.
- Ah, I'm not.
Do you have a squad car for me?
- No, 'cause you're not on
till tomorrow.
- No worries.
I'll--I'll just take my own.
- You know you're not on
till tomorrow, right?
- Hi, you've reached
Ethan Krum.
If you leave a message
at the tone,
I'll be able
to connect with you shortly.
Thank you.
[voicemail beeps]
- Ethan, hey.
Um,
hope you're out celebrating
with a few beers.
Listen, I, um...
I'm not coming home tonight.
Going to a place
called Burnt Ridge.
That guy from the hospital,
he's in trouble,
and no one round here
seems to give a crap.
I know you don't think
I can do this, but I can.
I can help him.
I--I need to do this.
I hope you can understand that.
Call me.
Bye.
[exhales heavily]
[exciting music]
♪ ♪
- You're welcome!
- Hey.
Slow down.
- It was you.
That signature
on the insurance form,
it was signed the exact
same way as the note.
You wrote this.
You're the one who brought me
to Burnt Ridge.
- [sighs]
Still not stupid, then.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- You know me?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
I, uh--
[inhales sharply]
I know you.
- Who am I?
- Sure you want to know,
Elliot?
Yeah.
That's your name.
Elliot Stanley.
And I'll ask you again,
are you sure you want to know
who you really are?
'Cause, mate, you're--
you're not gonna like it.
What are you doing?
- Taking you to the police.
- I wouldn't do that
if I were you.
- Oh, you know what?
I think I will.
Maybe you can explain to them
and to me
just what the fuck
is going on here.
- Okay,
although I'll probably have
to tell them about the part
where you killed someone.
Yeah, told you
you weren't gonna like it.
Elliot Stanley.
Don't you want to know?
Where are you going?
- I need a drink.
- Yeah, that's fair.
[blues rock music]
♪ ♪